1. "A beautiful day begins with a beautiful mindset. When you wake up, take a second to think about what a privilege it is to simply be alive and healthy. The moment you start acting like life is a blessing, I assure you it will start to feel like one. Time spent appreciating is time worth living." -- Author Unknown
2. "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that other throw at him."- David Brinkley
3. "All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." -Michael John Bobak
4. "Be yourself. No one can ever tell you you're doing it wrong."  -- James Leo Herlihy
5. "Between the stimulus and the response there is a space and in that space lies our power and freedom." - Viktor E. Frankl
6. "Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved."- Helen Keller
7. "Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step."  -- Lao Tzu
8. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller
9. "Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember--the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you."- Zig Ziglar
10. "Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." - Robert Kiyosaki
11. "Fall seven times and stand up eight."- Japanese Proverb
12. "Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action." -- Peter Drucker
13. "Gratitude turns what we have, into enough." - unknown
14. "I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--It is: Try to please everybody."- Herbert Bayard Swope
15. "I failed my way to success."- Thomas Edison
16. "I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." -Thomas Jefferson
17. "I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come indirectly through accident, except the phonograph. No, when I have fully decided that a result is worth getting, I go about it, and make trial after trial, until it comes."- Thomas Edison
18. "I never dreamed about success, I worked for it."- Estee Lauder
19. "I try to make the good days great and take something positive from the days I'm not feeling good." - Katie Ledecky
20. "If we could look into each other's hearts and understand the unique challenges each of us faces, I think we would treat each other much more gently, with more love, patience, tolerance, and care." -- Marvin J. Ashton
21. "If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
22. "If you can dream it, you can do it."- Walt Disney
23. "If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." -Steve Jobs
24. "If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse."- Jim Rohn
25. "If you want to succeed in your life, remember this phrase: The past does not equal the future. Because you failed yesterday; or all day today; or a moment ago; or for the last six months; the last sixteen years; or the last fifty years of life, doesn't mean anything... All that matters is: What are you going to do, right now?"  - Tony Robbins
26. "I'm convinced of this: Good done anywhere is good done everywhere. For a change, start by speaking to people rather than walking by them like they're stones that don't matter. As long as you're breathing, it's never too late to do some good."  -- Maya Angelou
27. "In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can."- Nikos Kazantzakis
28. "Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down."- Charles F. Kettering
29. "Life always offers you a second chance. It's called tomorrow."  -- Author Unknown
30. "Living in gratitude is the key to having a peaceful heart."  -- Gabbie Deeds
31. "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."- Thomas Edison
32. "Never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense." -Winston Churchill
33. "Nothing is forever, except change." - Buddha
34. "Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy." - Guillaume Apollinaire
35. "Only by letting go of what stops us from growing can we put down new roots and truly flower." -- Peg Streep
36. "Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did."  - Author Unknown
37. "Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses." - Alphonse Karr
38. "Some people dream of success while others wake up and work."- Author Unknown
39. "Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion." -Tony Hsieh
40. "Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston S. Churchill
41. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful."- Albert Schweitzer
42. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
43. "Success isn't just about what you accomplish in your life; it's about what you inspire others to do."-  Author Unknown
44. "Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit."- Conrad Hilton
45. "Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love." -- Brene Brown
46. "The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do."- Author Unknown
47. "The goal is not to be perfect by the end, the goal is to be better today."-Simon Sinek
48. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today."- Franklin D. Roosevelt
49. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary."- Vidal Sassoon
50. "The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere."- Barack Obama
51. "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
52. "The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well."- John D. Rockefeller Jr.
53. "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus."- Bruce Lee
54. "The suffering itself is not so bad; it's the resentment against suffering that is the real pain." - Allen Ginsberg
55. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing."- Walt Disney
56. "There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure."- Colin Powell
57. "There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." - Ray Goforth
58. "There is a powerful driving force inside every human being that, once unleashed, can make any vision, dream, or desire a reality."- Anthony Robbins
59. "There's no such thing as a big moment. There's this moment. And it's the only one we get." - Michael Gervais
60. "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe."  -- Anatole France
61. "Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value."- Albert Einstein
62. "We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty." - Maya Angelou
63. "We do not see things as they are, we see things as we are." - Anais Nin
64. "We never focus on the scoreboard, only on putting up our best routine which we can control." Simone Biles
65. "Whatever you fight, you strengthen, and what you resist, persists." - Eckhart Tolle
66. "Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It's quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn't at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that's where you will find success." - Thomas J. Watson
67. "You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it."- Oprah Winfrey
68. "6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break: 1. Stop stressing, 2. Stop worrying, 3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down, 4. Lighten up, 5. Forgive yourself, 6. Forgive others" - Germany Kent
69. "A champion is someone who gets up when he can’t." -Jack Dempsey
70. "A few simple tips for life: feet on the ground, head to the skies, heart open…quiet mind." - Rasheed Ogunlaru
71. "A mind set in its ways is wasted." - Eric Schmidt
72. "A trophy carries dust. Memories last forever." - Mary Lou Retton
73. "Advice to my younger self: 1 Start where you are with what you have, 2 Try not to hurt other people, 3 Take more chances, 4 If you fail, keep trying" - Germany Kent
74. "Age is no barrier. It’s a limitation you put on your mind." - Jackie Joyner-Kersee
75. "Altogether, the idea of meditation is not to create states of ecstasy or absorption, but to experience being." - Chögyam Trungpa
76. "Always hold fast to the present. Every situation, indeed every moment, is of infinite value, for it is the representative of a whole eternity." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
77. "Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you." - Arnold Palmer
78. "An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head." - Emil Zatopek
79. "As long as we have practiced neither concentration nor mindfulness, the ego takes itself for granted and remains its usual normal size, as big as the people around one will allow." -Ayya Khema
80. "At the very moment when people underestimate you is when you can make a breakthrough."- Germany Kent
81. "Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." -Dalai Lama
82. "Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact." -William James
83. "Be where you are, otherwise you will miss your life." - Buddha
84. "Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life." -Seneca
85. "By breaking down our sense of self-importance, all we lose is a parasite that has long infected our minds. What we gain in return is freedom, openness of mind, spontaneity, simplicity, altruism: all qualities inherent in happiness." -Matthieu Ricard
86. "Champions keep playing until they get it right." -Billie Jean King
87. "Change is important, but if you can’t really change it, just keep calm, understand the situation and go through it with a good heart! Time will surely speak with time!" - Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
88. "Competitive sports are played mainly on a five and a half inch court, the space between your ears." -Bobby Jones
89. "Concentration is why some athletes are better than others. You develop that concentration in training and concentrate in a meet." - Edwin Moses
90. "Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life." - Marcus Aurelius
91. "Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." - Buddha
92. "Do not insult the mother alligator until you have crossed the river." -Haitian Proverb
93. "Do not let fear of what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." -John Wooden
94. "Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play." -Mike Singletary
95. "Don’t ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive, and then go and do that. Because what the world needs is people who are alive." -Howard Thurman
96. "Don’t believe everything you think. Thoughts are just that - thoughts." -Allan Lokos
97. "Don’t let life harden your heart." - Pema Chödrön
98. "Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future; live the actual moment. Only this moment is life." -Thich Nhat Hanh
99. "Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most." -Buddha
100. "Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something. It’s our goal in life to find it and keep it lit." - Mary Lou Retton
101. "Envy and jealousy stem from the fundamental inability to rejoice at someone else’s happiness or success." -Matthieu Ricard
102. "Even small positive shifts in thinking, create huge results if you are consistent in your efforts" - Nanette Mathews
103. "Every day begins with an act of courage and hope, getting out of bed." -Mason Cooley
104. "Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind. The goal is to find it." - Buddha
105. "Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most." -  Buddha
106. "Everyone loves something, even if it’s only tortillas." - Chögyam Trungpa
107. "Everything is created twice, first in the mind and then in reality." -Robin S. Sharma
108. "Everything is practice." - Bill Shankley
109. "Everything that has a beginning has an ending. Make your peace with that and all will be well." - Jack Kornfield
110. "Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly." -Shaquille O’Neal
111. "Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward." - Roy T. Bennett
112. "Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth." - Pema Chödrön
113. "Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor." - Thich Nhat Hanh
114. "For every minute you remain angry, you sixty seconds of peace of mind." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
115. "Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best." - Tim Duncan
116. "Great struggles make for great stories." - Sanober Khan
117. "Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard." - Tim Notke
118. "He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life." - Muhammad Ali
119. "He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret to life." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
120. "He who laughs, lasts."  -Mary Pettibone Poole
121. "How often do you think we write our own ending before the story is even finished? How often do we give up on ourselves when our lives are just starting? Things get hard and we immediately back away and assume that means we're going in the wrong direction, doing the wrong thing. If anything, when the waters get thick, that's our sign to keep going" - Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic
122. "How you look at it is pretty much how you’ll see it." - Rasheed Ogunlaru
123. "I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match." - Mia Hamm
124. "I became a good pitcher when I stopped trying to make them miss the ball and started trying to make them hit it." - Sandy Koufax
125. "I don’t want to be better than him or her. I want to be better than I am right now." - Kerri Walsh Jennings
126. "I don't know what lies ahead, but I want to keep going forever..." - Fuyumi Soryo
127. "I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life a champion." - Muhammad Ali
128. "I have a simple philosophy. Fill what’s empty. Empty what’s full. Scratch where it itches." -Alice Roosevelt Longworth
129. "I have always tried to be true to myself, to pick those battles I felt were important. My ultimate responsibility is to myself. I could never be anything else." -Arthur Ashe
130. "I have failed many times, but I have never gone into a game expecting myself to fail." - Michael Jordan
131. "I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is." - Alan Watts
132. "I know what I have to do, and I’m going to do whatever it takes. If I do it, I’ll win, and it doesn’t matter what anyone else does." - Florence Griffith Joyner
133. "I never worry about the problem. I worry about the solution." - Shaquille O’Neal
134. "I wish that life should not be cheap, but sacred. I wish the days to be as centuries, loaded, fragrant." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
135. "I’d like to thank everyone who voted for me. And the one guy who didn’t vote for me, thank you, too." - Shaquille O’Neal
136. "I’ve got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end." - Larry Bird
137. "I’ve learned that something constructive comes from every defeat." -Tom Landry
138. "I’ve worked too hard and long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down, and I will not let myself down." -Mia Hamm
139. "If a team wants to intimidate you physically and you let them, they’ve won." - Mia Hamm
140. "If beautiful lilies bloom in ugly waters, you too can blossom in ugly situations." - Matshona Dhliwayo
141. "If I just keep putting one foot in front of the other, it stands to reason that I'm going to get there." - Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry
142. "If I look back I am lost." - George R.R. Martin
143. "If one were truly aware of the value of human life, to waste it blithely on distractions and the pursuit of vulgar ambitions would be the height of confusion." -Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche
144. "If the doors of perception were cleansed, everything would appear to man as it is, infinite." -William Blake
145. "If the problem can be solved why worry? If the problem cannot be solved worrying will do you no good." - Buddha
146. "If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher." -Pema Chodron
147. "If we perform as a unit and if every single player gives it his very best, everything can happen." - Oliver Kahn
148. "If you are facing in the right direction, all you need to do is keep on walking." - Buddha
149. "If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it." - Ronnie Lott
150. "If you can’t outplay them, outwork them." - Ben Hogan
151. "If you concentrate on finding whatever is good in every situation, you will discover that your life will suddenly be filled with gratitude, a feeling that nurtures the soul." -Rabbi Harold Kushner
152. "If you don’t go after what you want, you’ll never have it. If you don’t ask, the answer is always no. If you don’t step forward, you’re always in the same place." - Nora Roberts
153. "If you fail to prepare, you’re prepared to fail." - Mark Spitz
154. "If you only ever give 90% in training then you will only ever give 90% when it matters." - Michael Owen
155. "If you push me towards a weakness, I will turn that weakness into a strength." - Michael Jordan
156. "If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going."- Israelmore Ayivor
157. "If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath." -Amit Ray
158. "Impermanence is a principle of harmony. When we don’t struggle against it, we are in harmony with reality." -Pema Chodron
159. "In baseball and in business, there are three types of people. Those who make it happen, those who watch it happen, and those who wonder what happened." - Tommy Lasorda
160. "In the end, just three things matter: How well we have lived. How well we have loved. How well we have learned to let go." -Jack Kornfield
161. "In this moment, there is plenty of time. In this moment, you are precisely as you should be. In this moment, there is infinite possibility." -Victoria Moran
162. "In today’s rush, we all think too much - seek too much - want too much - and forget about the joy of just being." -Eckhart Tolle
163. "Instead of thinking of food as the enemy, allow yourself to enjoy the process of planning and preparing meals or going out to lunch with a friend. Stay in the present moment and understand that the purpose of food is nourishment." - Susan Albers
164. "It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all." -Samuel Butler
165. "It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers." -James Thurber
166. "It is more difficult to stay on top than to get there." - Mia Hamm
167. "It is never too late to turn on the light." - Sharon Salzberg
168. "It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters." - Evander Holyfield
169. "It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis." -Margaret Bonnano
170. "It isn’t the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it’s the pebble in your shoe." - Muhammad Ali
171. "It isn't the things that happen to us in our lives that cause us to suffer, it's how we relate to them that does." - Ani Pema Chodron
172. "It took me time to realize that the men who won Olympic gold medals in the decathlon are just men, just like me." - Dan O’Brien
173. "It’s a terrible thing, I think, in life to wait until you’re ready. I have this feeling that actually no one is ever ready to do anything. There is almost no such thing as ready. There is only now." - Hugh Laurie
174. "It’s all about the journey, not the outcome." - Carl Lewis
175. "It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up." - Babe Ruth
176. "It’s not the disability that defines you; it’s how you deal with the challenges the disability presents you with. We have an obligation to the abilities we DO have, not the disability." -Jim Abbot
177. "It’s not the will to win that matters- everyone has that. It’s the will to prepare to win that matters." -Bear Bryant
178. "It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get back up." -Vince Lombardi
179. "It’s only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up - that we will begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had." -Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
180. "Just as a snake sheds its skin, we must shed our past over and over again." - Buddha
181. "Just keep going. Everybody gets better if they keep at it." - Ted Williams
182. "Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires belief and faith in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe." -Gail Devers
183. "Knowledge does not mean mastering a great quantity of different information, but understanding the nature of mind. This knowledge can penetrate each one of our thoughts and illuminate each one of our perceptions." -Matthieu Ricard
184. "Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." -Dennis P. Kimbro
185. "Life is a dance. Mindfulness is witnessing that dance." - Amit Ray
186. "Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on." -Samuel Butler
187. "Life is not a race....Everyone can win, so stop going around in circles." - Nanette Mathews
188. "Life is not lost by dying; life is lost minute by minute, day by dragging day, in all the small uncaring ways." -Stephen Vincent Benet
189. "Life is what happens when you’re making other plans." -John Lennon
190. "Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind." - Amit Ray
191. "Make each day your masterpiece." - John Wooden
192. "Make sure your worst enemy doesn’t live between your own two ears." -Laird Hamilton
193. "Many people are alive but don’t touch the miracle of being alive." - Thích Nhất Hạnh
194. "May you live all the days of your life." - Jonathan Swift
195. "Meditation is not evasion; it is a serene encounter with reality." - Thích Nhất Hạnh
196. "Meditation practice isn’t about trying to throw ourselves away and become something better. It’s about befriending who we are already." - Pema Chödrön
197. "Mental will is a muscle that needs exercise, just like muscles of the body."- Lynn Jennings
198. "Mindful and creative, a child who has neither a past, nor examples to follow, nor value judgments, simply lives, speaks and plays in freedom." -Arnaud Desjardins
199. "Mindfulness asks us to simply see, to open to ourselves and, in so doing, to open to the world, learning to be with whatever presents itself." - Saki Santorelli
200. "Mindfulness is a way of befriending ourselves and our experience." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
201. "Mindfulness is not a new way of doing things, rather a new way of approaching the things that you already do." - Author Unknown
202. "Mindfulness is simply being aware of what is happening right now without wishing it were different; enjoying the pleasant without holding on when it changes (which it will); being with the unpleasant without fearing it will always be this way (which it won’t)." -James Baraz
203. "Mindfulness is the aware, balanced acceptance of the present experience. It isn’t more complicated than that. It is opening to or receiving the present moment, pleasant or unpleasant, just as it is, without either clinging to it or rejecting it." -Sylvia Boorstein
204. "Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they’ve got a second." - William James
205. "Much of spiritual life is self-acceptance, maybe all of it." - Jack Kornfield
206. "Never give up! Failure and rejection are only the first steps to succeeding." -Jim Valvano
207. "Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way." - Satchel Paige
208. "Never say never because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion." - Michael Jordan
209. "No one else knows exactly what the future holds for you, no one else knows what obstacles you've overcome to be where you are, so don't expect others to feel as passionate about your dreams as you do." - Germany Kent
210. "Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it." - George Halas
211. "Not until we are lost do we begin to find ourselves." -Henry David Thoreau
212. "Nothing can harm you as much as your own thoughts unguarded." - Buddha
213. "Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know." - Pema Chödrön
214. "Nurture your mind with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes." -Benjamin Disraeli
215. "Observe the space between your thoughts, then observe the observer." -Hamilton Boudreaux
216. "On particularly rough days when I’m sure I can’t possibly endure, I like to remind myself that my track record for getting through the bad days so far is 100% and that’s pretty good!" - Calvin & Hobbes
217. "Only the mediocre are always at their best." -Jean Giraudoux
218. "Open the window of your mind. Allow the fresh air, new lights and new truths to enter." - Amit Ray
219. "Opportunities don’t happen. You create them." -Chris Grosser
220. "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. Your playing small doesn’t serve the world." - Marianne Williamson
221. "Our life is shaped by our mind, for we become what we think." - Buddha
222. "Our lives are lived in intense and anxious struggle, in a swirl of speed and aggression, in competing, grasping, possessing and achieving, forever burdening ourselves with extraneous activities and preoccupations." -Sogyal Rinpoche
223. "Our own worst enemy cannot harm us as much as our unwise thoughts. No one can help us as much as our own compassionate thoughts." -Buddha
224. "Pat yourself on the back when you win. And when you don't, just keep moving! So long as you don't stop moving, Soon you may realize just how close you are to winning!" - Chinonye J. Chidolue
225. "Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without." - Buddha
226. "Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement." -Matt Biondi
227. "Preparation time is necessary for your growth. Trust and believe everything you're going through is preparing you for some request you put out into the Universe." - Germany Kent
228. "Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy." - Wayne Gretzky
229. "Progressing at a snail’s pace is still progress, and slow progress is better than no progress. Never be stagnant, and never give up." - Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons
230. "Push yourself again and again. Don’t give an inch until the final buzzer sounds." - Larry Bird
231. "Rejoicing in ordinary things is not sentimental or trite. It actually takes guts." - Pema Chödrön
232. "Relaxation is a reliable by-product of mindful attention. If you aim directly for relaxation, however, that effort can actually get in the way" - Arnie Kozak (Mindfulness of Breathing: A Primer)
233. "Remember how far you’ve come, not just how far you have to go. You are not where you want to be, but neither are you where you used to be." - Rick Warren
234. "Respond; don’t react. Listen; don’t talk. Think; don’t assume." -Raji Lukkoor
235. "Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up." - Dean Karnazes
236. "Sharpen your life always; even though it will come to an end like a pencil, we have to keep on writing" - Munia Khan
237. "Sometimes letting go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on." - Eckhart Tolle
238. "Sports create a bond between the contemporaries that lasts a lifetime. It also gives structure, discipline, and a genuine, sincere, pure fulfillment that few areas of endeavor provide." -Bob Cousy
239. "Sports do not build character. They reveal it." - Heywood Broun
240. "Step outside for a while - calm your mind. It is better to hug a tree than to bang your head against a wall continually." - Rasheed Ogunlaru
241. "Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
242. "Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, sacrifice and most of all, love for what you are doing or learning to do." - Pele
243. "Suffering usually relates to wanting things to be different than they are." -Allan Lokos
244. "Talent is never enough. With few exceptions the best players are the hardest workers." - Magic Johnson
245. "Tea is an act complete in its simplicity. When I drink tea, there is only me and the tea. The rest of the world dissolves." - Thích Nhất Hạnh
246. "That’s life: starting over, one breath at a time." - Sharon Salzberg
247. "The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things" - Henry Ward Beecher
248. "The art of peaceful living comes down to living compassionately & wisely." - Allan Lokos
249. "The basic root of happiness lies in our minds; outer circumstances are nothing more than adverse or favorable." -Matthieu Ricard
250. "The best way to capture moments is to pay attention. This is how we cultivate mindfulness. Mindfulness means being awake. It means knowing what you are doing." -Jon Kabat-Zinn
251. "The difference between impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination." -Tommy Lasorda
252. "The essence of bravery is being without self-deception." - Pema Chödrön
253. "The feeling that any task is a nuisance will soon disappear if it is done in mindfulness." - Thích Nhất Hạnh
254. "The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses - behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights." - Muhammad Ali
255. "The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory." - Les Brown
256. "The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day." - Wayne Gretzky
257. "The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous, the sensible man hardly anything." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
258. "The little things? The little moments? They aren’t little." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
259. "The mind in its natural state can be compared to the sky, covered by layers of cloud which hide its true nature." -Kalu Rinpoche
260. "The mind is just like a muscle - the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets and the more it can expand." - Idowu Koyenikan
261. "The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning." -Pele
262. "The more you try to avoid suffering, the more you suffer, because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you, in proportion to your fear of being hurt. The one who does most to avoid suffering is, in the end, the one who suffers most." - Thomas Merton (The Seven Storey Mountain)
263. "The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers." -Thich Nhat Hanh
264. "The only way to live is by accepting each minute as an unrepeatable miracle." - Tara Brach
265. "The practice of mindfulness begins in the small, remote cave of your unconscious mind and blossoms with the sunlight of your conscious life, reaching far beyond the people and places you can see." -Earon Davis
266. "The present moment is the only time over which we have dominion." - Thích Nhất Hạnh
267. "The real opportunity in success lies in the person and not in the job." -Zig Ziglar
268. "The reverse side also has a reverse side." -Japanese proverb
269. "The stiller you are the calmer life is." - Rasheed Ogunlaru
270. "The things that matter most in our lives are not fantastic or grand. They are moments when we touch one another." - Jack Kornfield
271. "The time when there is no one there to feel sorry for you or to cheer for you is when a player is made." -Tim Duncan
272. "The vision of a champion is someone who is bent over, drenched in sweat, at the point of exhaustion, when no one else is watching." - Anson Dorrance
273. "The Way is not in the sky, the Way is in the heart." - Buddha
274. "The way to live in the present is to remember that ‘This too shall pass.’ When you experience joy, remembering that ‘This too shall pass’ helps you savor the here and now. When you experience pain and sorrow, remembering that ‘This too shall pass’ reminds you that grief, like joy, is only temporary." -Joey Green
275. "The wisdom acquired with the passage of time is a useless gift unless you share it." - Esther Williams
276. "Then she told me why a tiger is gold and black. It has two ways. The gold side leaps with its fierce heart. The black side stands still with cunning, hiding its gold between the trees, seeing and not being seen, waiting patiently for things to come. I did not learn to use my black side until after the bad man left me." - Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club
277. "There are only two options regarding commitment. You’re either IN or you’re OUT. There is no such thing as life in-between." - Pat Riley
278. "There is more to life than increasing its speed." -Mahatma Ghandi
279. "There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval." -George Santayana
280. "There is no royal road to anything. One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast, withers rapidly. That which grows slowly, endures." -Josiah Gilbert Holland
281. "There is something wonderfully bold and liberating about saying yes to our entire imperfect and messy life." - Tara Brach
282. "There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do." - Derek Jeter
283. "There’s only one reason why you’re not experiencing bliss at this present moment, and it’s because you’re thinking or focusing on what you don’t have…. But, right now you have everything you need to be in bliss." -Anthony de Mello
284. "Things falling apart is a kind of testing and also a kind of healing." -Pema Chodron
285. "Thinking is a function, not an identity. When we begin to see that thoughts simply appear and disappear endlessly we stop taking them personally and mistaking them for our identity." - Mike Kewley
286. "This ability to conquer oneself is no doubt the most precious of all things sports bestows." - Olga Korbut
287. "This is a moment of suffering. Suffering is a part of life. Let me be kind to myself in this moment. Let me give myself the compassion I need." - Kristin Neff
288. "Thoughts are not facts (even the ones that say they are!)" - Jon Kabat-Zinn
289. "Three things cannot hide for long: the Moon, the Sun and the Truth." - Buddha
290. "To diminish the suffering of pain, we need to make a crucial distinction between the pain of pain, and the pain we create by our thoughts about the pain. Fear, anger, guilt, loneliness and helplessness are all mental and emotional responses that can intensify pain." -Howard Cutler
291. "To everyone battling a difficulty or under attack right now, smile, keep your head up, keep moving and stay positive, you'll get through it." - Germany Kent
292. "To give any less than your best is to sacrifice a gift." - Steve Prefontaine
293. "To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance." -Oscar Wilde
294. "To think in terms of either pessimism or optimism oversimplifies the truth. The problem is to see reality as it is." - Thích Nhất Hạnh
295. "To uncover your true potential, you must first find your own limits, and then you have to have the courage to blow past them." -Picabo Street
296. "Today I will do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t." - Jerry Rice
297. "Today if anything is trying to hold you back, give no attention to it. Get your hopes up, get your faith up, look up, and get ready to rise up." - Germany Kent
298. "Today, you have 100% of your life left." - Tom Landry
299. "Training your mind to be in the present moment is the #1 key to making healthier choices." - Susan Albers
300. "Treat everyone you meet as if they were you." - Doug Dillon
301. "We are awakened to the profound realization that the true path to liberation is to let go of everything." -Jack Kornfield
302. "We cannot force the development of mindfulness." - Allan Lokos
303. "We have only now, only this single eternal moment opening and unfolding before us, day and night." -Jack Kornfield
304. "We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
305. "What makes something special is not just what you have to gain but what you feel there is to lose." -Andre Agassi
306. "What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose." - Andre Agassi
307. "What we achieve inwardly will change our outward reality." -Plutarch
308. "What would it be like if I could accept life - accept this moment - exactly as it is?" - Tara Brach
309. "When I’m hungry, I eat what I love. When I’m bored, I do something I love. When I’m lonely, I connect with someone I love. When I feel sad, I remember that I am loved." - Michelle May
310. "When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith...." - E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly
311. "When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up." - Roy T. Bennett
312. "When the mind & body are quiet, there is synergy that feeds pure performance." - George Mumford
313. "When the vision is clear, the results will appear. Keep your mindset positive as you work your plan, flourish, and always remember why you started." - Germany Kent
314. "When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world, we lose connection with one another - and ourselves." - Jack Kornfield
315. "When you bow, you should just bow; when you sit, you should just sit; when you eat, you should just eat." - Shunryu Suzuki
316. "When you’ve got something to prove, there’s nothing greater than a challenge." - Terry Bradshaw
317. "Wherever you go, there you are." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
318. "Why, if we are as pragmatic as we claim, don’t we begin to ask ourselves seriously: Where does our real future lie?" -Sogyal Rinpoche
319. "Winners never quit and quitters never win." - Vince Lombardi
320. "Winning is not a sometime thing, it is an all the time thing. You don’t do things right once in a while. You do them right all the time. " - Vince Lombardi
321. "Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is." -Vince Lombardi
322. "Wisdom says we are nothing. Love says we are everything. Between these two our life flows." - Jack Kornfield
323. "With our thoughts we make the world." - Buddha
324. "Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period." - Lou Holtz
325. "Worrying is a way to avoid what is so by thinking about what could be." - Judith Hanson Lasater
326. "Yes, a deep lesson from the postage stamp. It attaches itself to a moveable material, the envelope and gets going. A good relationship keeps you going forward; a bad one keeps you static. Attach yourself to someone who is also going forward and you will also get there." - Israelmore Ayivor
327. "You are never really playing an opponent. You are playing yourself, your own high standards, and when you reach your limits, that is real joy." -Arthur Ashe
328. "You are the sky. Everything else is just the weather." - Pema Chödrön
329. "You can motivate by fear, and you motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation." -Homer Rice
330. "You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will." -Stephen King
331. "You can’t get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good." - Jerry West
332. "You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get." - Michael Phelps
333. "You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to surf." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
334. "You cannot control the results, only your actions." - Allan Lokos
335. "You find that you have peace of mind and can enjoy yourself, get more sleep, and rest when you know that it was a one hundred percent effort that you gave-win or lose." - Gordie Howe
336. "You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them." - Michael Jordan
337. "You have to train your mind like you train your body." - Bruce Jenner
338. "You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take." - Wayne Gretzky
339. "You must be completely awake in the present to enjoy the tea." - Thích Nhất Hạnh
340. "You only lose what you cling to." - Buddha
341. "You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously." - Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free"
342. "You, yourself, as much as anybody in the universe deserve your love and affection." -Buddah
343. "Your actions are your only true belongings." - Allan Lokos
344. "Your present circumstances don’t determine where you will go; they merely determine where you start." -Nido Qubein
345. "A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it. It just blooms." - Author Unknown
346. "Don't look at how many feet are left to the top - look only at the next step." - Nick Saban.
347. "Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity, but in doing it." - Greg Anderson
348. "Mindfulness is without goal, ambition or objective. It is simply to see things clearly, in this moment, with a kind, open and curious mind." - Andy Puddicombe
349. "Nothing in nature blooms all year. Be patient with yourself." - Author Unknown
350. "One who is patient glows with an inner radiance." - Allan Lokos
351. "The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows."- Aristotle Onassis
352. "Nobody has ever bet on the winning horse." -Overheard at a track by Richard Sasuly
353. "All life is six to five against." -Damon Runyon
354. "A team is a team is a team. Shakespeare said that many times." -Dan Devine
355. "Every novel should have a beginning, a muddle, and an end." -Peter De Vries
356. "In literature as in love, we are astonished at what is chosen by others." -Andre Maurois
357. "There’s no thief like a good book." -Italian Proverb
358. "Never forget that the most powerful force on earth is love." -Nelson Rockefeller
359. "Until you walk a mile in another man’s moccasins, you can’t imagine the smell." -Robert Byrne
360. "I was gratified to be able to answer promptly. I said I don’t know." - Mark Twain
